c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.dll.config
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.Interfacies.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\ORM.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.Interfacies.pdb
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\ORM.pdb
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\obj\Debug\DAL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\obj\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\obj\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.XML
C:\Users\Ilia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\DAL\bin\Debug\DAL.Interfacies.xml
